changing load_balancer.md (#651)
cncf/glossary: content/en/load_balancer.md

> status: Feedback Appreciated

Reviewer: When this PR is okay to be merged, please change the `status` to `Completed`:

```suggestion
status: Completed
```

Author: Does this term need to be changed by me or by the maintainers?

category: concept
---
## What it is

> 

Reviewer: For anyone's information:
it is good to insert empty lines before and after the headers, like this. 😊

- https://github.com/markdownlint/markdownlint/blob/master/docs/RULES.md#md022---headers-should-be-surrounded-by-blank-lines
- https://arcticicestudio.github.io/styleguide-markdown/rules/headings.html#empty-lines-before-and-after

Author: Yes, I'll do that. Thanks

Reviewer 2: If this is resolved, please mark it as such.

---

## What it is

A load balancer is a tool that distributes incoming requests among multiple instances of an application. Each service of a [microservices](/microservices/) app generally has multiple replicas (or instances), and the load balancer ensures no one service gets the bulk of the requests. Load balancers can be software or hardware-based.

## Problem it addresses

In a scenario where multiple application instances are running on a group of servers, It can become tedious to manage and direct millions of incoming user requests toward available servers. A server might become overloaded with requests, resulting in reduced throughput, slower response time, and inefficient utilization of resources.

## How it helps

> Adding a load balancer will help in distributing the requests among the multiple servers in a way that would maximize the website's speed and ensure that no server is overworked. If any of the servers goes down, the load balancer will redirect the requests to other working servers. Also in case of [horizontal scaling](/horizontal_scaling/), it would automatically start sending the requests to the new server.

Reviewer 3: Just to add on to what Catherine said, Load balancing is a crucial technology that underpins cloud native software. Both IaaS hosted load balancers, like ALBs/NLBs, and in platform load balancing, Kubernetes services or a service mesh, are examples of cloud native load balancing. Nearly every app running in a microservice platform interacts with load balancers in one form or anther.

---

## What it is

> A load balancer is a way to distribute incoming user requests among multiple instances of an application. The solution can be software or hardware based.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
A load balancer is a tool that distributes incoming requests among multiple instances of an application. Each service of a [microservices](/microservices/) app generally has multiple replicas (or instances), and the load balancer ensures no one service gets the bulk of the requests. Load balancers can be software or hardware-based.
```

Reviewer 2: What about this suggestion? Can we commit?

## Problem it addresses

> Suppose a person starts a business and builds a website. Initially, the number of people visiting their site would be less hence the speed with which the server(a computer that sends some information in response to a user’s request) serves the website would be optimal. Now the person invests in some marketing and their business starts to grow. This would result in an increased number of users visiting their website (probably from all around the globe). One server might not be enough to handle the increased number of requests. And would result in a slower website and frequent crashing of the server. One would have to add more servers to handle these many requests. But what if one of the servers goes down, what happens to the users it was serving? There was no way of keeping a check on these situations.

Reviewer 2: This example is making a case for replicas, not a load balancer. Without a load balancer, all requests might be routed to the same service while other services are available. 

Also, please keep the examples short and sweet. A person building a website...people visiting the website...investing in marketing...business grows... that are too many details that are quite distracting.

Author: Yes I'll make the changes and update.
